docs: add example with update (#1877)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/examples.rst

              {{ check_conditions }}

🐍 Updating PR for linear history
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> As GitHub recently introduced linear history in PR setting it become very handy to use an automatic tool
>  to keep your PRs up-to-date. On the other hand you do not want to overkill your CI with building all PRs
>  always especially when there is still work in progress, so you can limit this action just to ready labeled PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As GitHub supports linear history in pull request settings, it is very handy to use a rule
to keep your pull requests up-to-date. As you do not want to trigger your CI too often by always re-running it on every pull request — especially when there is still work in progress — you can limit this action to labeled pull requests.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    pull_request_rules:
      - name: automatic update for PR marked as “Ready-to-Go“
        conditions:
          - -conflict # skip PRs with conflicts
          - -draft # filter-out GH draft PRs
          - label="Ready-to-Go"
        actions:
          update: {}

> .. note::
> 
>     Mergify is event driven bot so even you add this cool rule, it wound be executed till each PR is updated
>      or the bot is pinged in a comment as `@Mergifyio refresh`.
> 

Reviewer: We should write that somewhere else in a more "general" place.
```suggestion

```

Author: so at the beginning or where bc till I knew it caused me lost of troubles to understands what is happening

Reviewer: I'll probably add this to https://docs.mergify.io/getting-started.html
